Welcome to Accessibility
Fundamentals created
by TetraLogical for [CLIENT NAME].
This self-led training
has five modules
that answer some fundamental
questions about accessibility.
What is accessibility?
Who does accessibility benefit?
How is accessibility measured?
How is accessibility tested?
and, Who is responsible
for accessibility?
Once you've completed
all five modules,
you'll be able to answer
these questions yourself.
You'll also have a fundamental
understanding of accessibility,
to help you make it part of
everything you do at [CLIENT NAME].
In this, the first
of five modules
in the self-led Accessibility
Fundamentals training course,
we'll be asking the question,
what is accessibility?
It'll take about 10 minutes
to complete the module,
and by the end, you'll be able
to explain what accessibility is,
and what it means for you,
for [CLIENT NAME]
and for your target audience.